This is code from a class I took a couple years ago where all code was developed on Linux servers.

This program was created to fulfill homework/classroom requirements, not professional development.

Old README/Explanation:

In the listing 4.1 program it provides an example of a simple threading usage to print an "x" and "o" continuously. This shows the idea of simply threading out a process to make it more efficient. With this program I can identify exactly how to initialize and create a thread properly.
The listing 4.2 program demonstrates the same aspects of listing 4.1, but by using multiple threads. By doing this, it becomes a multi-threaded program that can run multiple processes within a program to make it run more efficiently. With this program I understand how to create a multi-threaded programs to increase the efficiency of them. I also understand how to connect a struct to the threading system properly.
Listing 4.3 has nearly the exact same set of code as listing 4.2, but is the proper process to allow the threads to work properly every time. This is accomplished by using the function pthread_join() to wait until the specified thread is finished before it will complete the ones after it. This is the best way to join the threads and keep inconsistencies from occurring due to the threads working at the same time.
The listing 4.4 program demonstrates how to take in commands from the user when the executable is run and run the processes on a separate thread while the program continues to work to complete any other tasks that need to be accomplished. This demonstration of the varying uses of threads also shows the connection needed to have command line code run smoothly with the threads. The use of the prime numbers also shows how much work can be processed using threads considering the time it takes to run alone.
The listing 4.5 program demonstrates similar uses of threads connections, but adds on the detach system. This is used by the pthread_attr_setdetachstate() function by using the provided attribute to set the thread to a detached state. This detached state means that the thread that was created no longer needs to be joined. This detached state will allow the thread to eventually die and have its thread id changed to a new thread that will used. Using this process of changing the states of a thread, it allows the programs to continuously run while outputting the correct outputs each time.
